# Lab-01_202001104







Subject: Software Engineering
Subject code: IT314

Lab 1


Name: KUSH SHAH
Roll : 202001104

Q.1. Identify FRs and NFRs:

Functional Requirements:

1)Classification of books: Properly classify books journal and other materials as per the standards required alphabetically or dewey decimal system.

2)Searching and Filtering: A proper system which filtered required material based on genres,author,title,subject etc.

3)Log of checked Books: A database maintained by a system which tracks due dates of checked books , the user who took that particular book etc.

4) Re-Issuability and fines  : A portal for user to re issue his book and extend waiting list and fine accounted on his account if book submitted was past the due date.

5)User Management: Ability to allow new users to get membership which allows them to issue books or discontinue their membership.

6)Mobile Access: Ability to view library’s catalogs and contents via mobile devices.

7)Inter Connections : Websites should be blocked for all data traffic other than the one generated by institute LAN.


Non Functional Requirements:

1)Internet Resource Management: The website should be made in such a way  that it could handle loads of concurrent users and does not get crashed.

2)Fast Response Time: It should boot up quickly and respond within a span of a few seconds.

3)Scalability:It should be able to accommodate additional users whenever they enroll without any issues.

4)Usability: The UI of an application should be made in such a way that it is apparent for all users how to use it.

5)Backup and Recovery: In Any event of system failures , user data should be preserved.

6)maintenance: Monthly or yearly maintenance of the app to address any bugs and fix them.

7)Compatibility : App should run on each type of operating system without any issues	.



Q.2. Identify scope, features and non-functional aspects of the following problem.

Scope : 
 A mobile Application which will use AI to intake a sound stream and tell the user via a motor implant attached with the app or display and vibrate the phone regarding the danger of any event . It will work in a real time environment and will be compatible for Android Devices.

Functional Requirements:
1)Ability to adjust volume and tone settings of application.
2)Support provided on the type of hearing loss and send voice data to the device accordingly.
3)Noise reduction or noise cancelling features.
4)Speech Amplification and clarity enhancement tool.
5)Integration with bluetooth devices.
6)Compatibility with hearing aids.
7)Option to remotely control hearing aid.

Non functional requirements:
 1)Accessibility of applications for users with visual or motor impairments.
2)User Friendly interface and easy navigation.
3)High Performance And Responsiveness.
4)Secure storage of personal hearing related data to improve app for future use.
5)Regular Updates and fix issues.
6)Noise threshold should be minimum to clearly identify the type of sound stream received.

